README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# autocipies

<!-- badges: start -->

[![GitHub
issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dzhang32/autocipies)](https://github.com/dzhang32/autocipies/issues)
[![GitHub
pulls](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/dzhang32/autocipies)](https://github.com/dzhang32/autocipies/pulls)
[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/dzhang32/autocipies/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/dzhang32/autocipies/actions)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/dzhang32/autocipies/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dzhang32/autocipies?branch=master)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of `autocipies` is to …

## Installation instructions

And the development version from
[GitHub](https://github.com/dzhang32/autocipies) with:

``` r
devtools::install_github("dzhang32/autocipies")
```

## Usage

This is a basic example which shows you how to solve a common problem:

``` r
library("autocipies")
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the `autocipies` project is released with a
[Contributor Code of
Conduct](http://bioconductor.org/about/code-of-conduct/). By
contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Development tools

-   Continuous code testing is possible thanks to [GitHub
    actions](https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2020/04/usethis-1-6-0/)
    through *[usethis](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=usethis)*,
    *[remotes](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=remotes)*, and
    *[rcmdcheck](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=rcmdcheck)*
    customized to use [Bioconductor’s docker
    containers](https://www.bioconductor.org/help/docker/) and
    *[BiocCheck](https://bioconductor.org/packages/3.14/BiocCheck)*.
-   Code coverage assessment is possible thanks to
    [codecov](https://codecov.io/gh) and
    *[covr](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=covr)*.
-   The [documentation website](http://dzhang32.github.io/autocipies) is
    automatically updated thanks to
    *[pkgdown](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=pkgdown)*.
-   The code is styled automatically thanks to
    *[styler](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=styler)*.
-   The documentation is formatted thanks to
    *[devtools](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=devtools)* and
    *[roxygen2](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=roxygen2)*.

For more details, check the `dev` directory.

This package was developed using
*[biocthis](https://bioconductor.org/packages/3.14/biocthis)*.

Commit message:

change package name to autorecipes

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# autorecipes

<!-- badges: start -->

[![GitHub
issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dzhang32/autorecipes)](https://github.com/dzhang32/autorecipes/issues)
[![GitHub
pulls](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/dzhang32/autorecipes)](https://github.com/dzhang32/autorecipes/pulls)
[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/dzhang32/autorecipes/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/dzhang32/autorecipes/actions)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/dzhang32/autorecipes/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dzhang32/autorecipes?branch=master)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of `autorecipes` is to …

## Installation instructions

And the development version from
[GitHub](https://github.com/dzhang32/autorecipes) with:

``` r
devtools::install_github("dzhang32/autorecipes")
```

## Usage

This is a basic example which shows you how to solve a common problem:

``` r
library("autorecipes")
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the `autorecipes` project is released with a
[Contributor Code of
Conduct](http://bioconductor.org/about/code-of-conduct/). By
contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Development tools

-   Continuous code testing is possible thanks to [GitHub
    actions](https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2020/04/usethis-1-6-0/)
    through *[usethis](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=usethis)*,
    *[remotes](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=remotes)*, and
    *[rcmdcheck](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=rcmdcheck)*
    customized to use [Bioconductor’s docker
    containers](https://www.bioconductor.org/help/docker/) and
    *[BiocCheck](https://bioconductor.org/packages/3.14/BiocCheck)*.
-   Code coverage assessment is possible thanks to
    [codecov](https://codecov.io/gh) and
    *[covr](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=covr)*.
-   The [documentation website](http://dzhang32.github.io/autorecipes)
    is automatically updated thanks to
    *[pkgdown](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=pkgdown)*.
-   The code is styled automatically thanks to
    *[styler](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=styler)*.
-   The documentation is formatted thanks to
    *[devtools](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=devtools)* and
    *[roxygen2](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=roxygen2)*.

For more details, check the `dev` directory.

This package was developed using
*[biocthis](https://bioconductor.org/packages/3.14/biocthis)*.
